Feat/`TradeFee` and `BudgetChecker` documentation (#2)
CoinAlpha/hummingbot-site: docs/developers/connectors/architecture.md

## Protocol Connector Components Overview\ [TBD\]

Coming soon.

> ## Fee Accounting
> 
> ### TradeFee
> 
> `TradeFee` is being used by the `BudgetChecker` to determine the appropriate amount and asset of fees to be applied to an order.
> An exchange needs to provide a `TradeFeeSchema` defining its fee structure. Based on this schema a `TradeFee` object will be constructed.
> 
> #### TradeFeeSchema
> 
> Contains the necessary information to build the `TradeFee` object.
> For both makers and takers specifies percent and fixed fees, and tokens in which the fees are paid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fee Accounting
The `BudgetChecker` uses the information from a `TradeFeeSchema` to generate a specific instance of `TradeFeeBase` that is then applied to an `OrderCandidate` in order to asses the order's effects on account balances.

### TradeFee

The `TradeFee` object contains the necessary information to account for fees when estimating an order's impact on account balances.

#### TradeFeeSchema

Contains the necessary information to build the `TradeFee` object.
For both makers and takers specifies percent and fixed fees, and tokens in which the fees are paid.
Exchanges must specify their respective default schemas inside their `[exchange]_utils.py` files:
```python
DEFAULT_FEES = TradeFeeSchema(
    maker_percent_fee_decimal=Decimal("0.001"),
    taker_percent_fee_decimal=Decimal("0.001"),
)
```
```

- `percent_fee_token: str`
- `maker_percent_fee_decimal: Decimal`
- `taker_percent_fee_decimal: Decimal`
- `buy_percent_fee_deducted_from_returns: bool`
- `maker_fixed_fees: List`
- `taker_fixed_fees: List`

#### TradeFeeBase

> The `TradeFeeBase` class uses a `TradeFeeSchema` object of the connector to determine fees to be applied - their types, amounts and assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A specific instance of the `TradeFeeBase` class defines the fees to be applied to an order - their types, amounts and assets.
```

- `fee_amount_in_quote()`: calculates a total fee in quote asset units as a combination of a percentage fee and fixed fees
- `get_fee_impact_on_order_cost()`: returns order cost for a particular position opening `OrderCandidate` with fees accounted for
- `get_fee_impact_on_order_returns()`: returns order returns for a particular position closing `OrderCandidate` with fees accounted for

#### AddedToCostTradeFee

> Extends `TradeFeeBase`, implements `get_fee_impact_on_order_cost()`, `get_fee_impact_on_order_returns()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extends `TradeFeeBase`, implements `get_fee_impact_on_order_cost()`, `get_fee_impact_on_order_returns()`.
Fees of this class are applied on top of the cost of a buy order (e.g. a buy order of 10 COINX at 9 USDT with a fee of 1% means that the user's account will be deducted 90.9 USDT and added 10 COINX — this is most exchanges' approach to fees).

#### DeductedFromReturnsTradeFee

> Extends `TradeFeeBase`, implements `get_fee_impact_on_order_cost()`, `get_fee_impact_on_order_returns()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extends `TradeFeeBase`, implements `get_fee_impact_on_order_cost()`, `get_fee_impact_on_order_returns()`.
Fees of this class are deducted from the returns of a buy order (e.g. a buy order of 10 COINX at 9 USDT with a fee of 1% means that the user's account will be deducted 90 USDT and added 9.9 COINX — this is Binance's approach to fees).

## Protocol Connector Components Overview\ [TBD\]

Coming soon.

## Fee Accounting
The `BudgetChecker` uses the information from a `TradeFeeSchema` to generate a specific instance of `TradeFeeBase` that is then applied to an `OrderCandidate` in order to asses the order's effects on account balances.

### TradeFee

The `TradeFee` object contains the necessary information to account for fees when estimating an order's impact on account balances.

#### TradeFeeSchema

Contains the necessary information to build the `TradeFee` object.
For both makers and takers specifies percent and fixed fees, and tokens in which the fees are paid.
Exchanges must specify their respective default schemas inside their `[exchange]_utils.py` files:
```python
DEFAULT_FEES = TradeFeeSchema(
    maker_percent_fee_decimal=Decimal("0.001"),
    taker_percent_fee_decimal=Decimal("0.001"),

> )

Reviewer: The code snipped is not closed here, but it won't let me insert the closing ticks in a suggestion

Author: Fixed
